the mayor of Qatar shik tamim bin hammad
Alani is meeting with French president
Emanuel macron in an official state
visit to Paris the two are expected to
discuss Israel's ongoing war on Gaza the
talks follow the TRU and prisoner
exchange proposal put forward by Israel
the US Qatar and Egypt several days ago
in the French capital okay for more on
this we're going to go to Bernard Smith
who is in Paris for us and K as we've
mentioned played a significant role in
previous negotiations between Hamas and
isra
that will no doubt be top of the agenda
uh
there Tom it's why kata's air has been
invited here this time according to the
Eliz Palace it's the first time since
the Amir came to power in 2013 that he's
actually been to France on a state visit
he has of course been here many times
before then but he's never been accorded
this top tier the highest level of
exchange that can be between two
countries an official state visit and
the L says Qatar is notably working on
the release of the hostages which is a
priority for us there are three uh
French citizens amongst the captives
being held by Hamas and it says the
discussions will focus on ongoing
efforts to obtain a ceasefire and enable
massive Aid to be provided to the
population of Gaza that is of course a
priority for the people in Gaza and the
ceasefire we had talks here just over
the weekend where the Americans said the
basic Contours of a ceasefire agreement
had been uh agreed upon the Americans
Joe Biden we've heard earlier on
suggesting that that one is imminent but
everybody else at the moment not playing
it up the cater is saying there's no
imminent sign of any imminent
breakthrough the foreign Ministry saying
that before the amir's arrival this
afternoon and the Israelis and Hamas
also indicating that there's nothing
imminently through but obviously maon
believes that hosting the Amir here can
help concentrate mindes and maybe push
some sort of ceasefire over the line
okay thanks so much for that B berer
Smith for us out there in Paris